Add guidance for using qualified names in packages (#53428)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/modules.md

julia> import .NiceStuff
```

brings *only* the module name into scope. Users would need to use `NiceStuff.DOG`, `NiceStuff.Dog`, and `NiceStuff.nice` to access its contents.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer: Why the sudden switch from `NiceStuff` to `ModuleName` ? I am fine with either name, but shouldn't it be used consistently, i.e. either everything with `NiceStuff` or else everything with `ModuleName`?

Author: That wasn't really my choice, I was just modifying the existing docs with its existing name scheme. See: https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/modules/#Standalone-using-and-import

FWIW I think maybe the that *could* be overhauled, but I also don't think it's necessary.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Author: This isn't really material to this PR. I was just moving around existing text and adding that there's the option to do `using ModuleName: ModuleName` as well.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer 2: I'm not suggesting it be added, I'm challenging the wording used, as the motivation as written isn't particularly useful.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Author: Again though, that's not something new in this PR.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer: I agree the "clean" bit is not nice -- but it was already there before. It seems unfair to hold this PR hostage over the author not "improving even more things".

Perhaps I am misunderstanding what you'd wish to have changed, @ararslan, in that case I'd appreciate if you could clarify what changes you are requesting exactly.

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer 3: @ararslan If this is the only part of the diff that you have concerns about, then we can revert it from the PR and make this change in a separate PR, just in the interest of getting this PR in?

cc: @MasonProtter

> brings *only* the module name into scope. Users would need to use `NiceStuff.DOG`, `NiceStuff.Dog`, and `NiceStuff.nice` to access its contents.
> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer 3: The code suggestion here is to revert this specific change (because it was a source of confusion during code review), and move it to a separate PR.

```suggestion
brings *only* the module name into scope. Users would need to use `NiceStuff.DOG`, `NiceStuff.Dog`, and `NiceStuff.nice` to access its contents. Usually, `import ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.
As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`.
```

> As we will see in the next section `import .NiceStuff` is equivalent to `using .NiceStuff: NiceStuff`. Usually, `import ModuleName` or `using ModuleName: ModuleName` is used in contexts when the user wants to keep the namespace clean.

Reviewer 3: So, in the interest of moving this PR forward, I have removed this specific small change from this PR in https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/commit/862a5466ba19acee25d566488431123fe5494ca1 and moved it to a new PR (#54575).

julia> using .NiceStuff: nice, DOG, NiceStuff
```

!!! note
    Qualifying the names being used as in `using NiceStuff: NiceStuff, nice` is recommended over plain

>     `using Foo` for released packages, and other code which is meant to be re-used in the future with

Reviewer: A third name, `Foo`... Let's stick with one, e.g. `NiceStuff` perhaps?
```suggestion
    `using NiceStuff` for released packages, and other code which is meant to be re-used in the future with
```

Author: Right, yeah this naming conflict should be avoided. I think for the purposes of this `!!! note` though, maybe it'd be better to use a new set of names `Foo` and `Bar` because we want to talk about conflicts, and we also want this `!!! note` section to be readable standalone.

    updated dependencies or future versions of julia.

    The reason for this is if another dependency starts to export one of the

>     same names as `Foo` the code will error due to an ambiguity in which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    same names as `NiceStuff` the code will error due to an ambiguity in which
```

    package the name should be taken from. This is especially problematic in

>     released packages which needs to be forward-compatible with the future
>     releases (e.g., when `Foo = "1"` and `Bar = 2` are listed in `[deps]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    released packages which should be forward-compatible with future releases
    of their dependencies. For example, when `Foo = "1"` and `Bar = 2` are listed in `[deps]`
```

    section of the `Project.toml` of your package, it should be compatible
    with the future releases of Foo 1.x and Bar 2.y which both export a

>     function `baz`).

Reviewer: If I didn't already know what this is about, I am not sure I would understand. I think the point you are trying to make is: suppose you are doing `using Foo, Bar`, and it works. But then `Foo` 1.1 exports a new symbol `baz`, while `Bar` already exports a different `baz`. Then suddenly `using Foo, Bar` fails.

julia> using .NiceStuff: nice, DOG, NiceStuff
```

!!! note
    Qualifying the names being used as in `using Foo: Foo, f` is
    recommended over plain `using Foo` for released packages, and other
    code which is meant to be re-used in the future with updated dependencies
    or future versions of julia.

    The reason for this is if another dependency starts to export one of the

>     same names as `Foo` the code will error due to an ambiguity in which

Reviewer 2: I think that's an important detail that shouldn't be omitted, otherwise the situation sounds scarier than it is.

>     same names as `Foo` the code will error due to an ambiguity in which

Author: done
